Instructions for installing the Automated Anechoic Chamber virtual environment.

Assumptions: A version of Python 3 and pip have been installed on the host computer,
and the Automated-Anechoic-Chamber repository has been copied onto the host computer

1. If the virtualenv package is not already installed, install it by running
>pip install virtualenv

2. Make a directory called "Environments" (it can be named anything, but "Environments"
is a good descriptor) somewhere on your file system. This is where all virtual 
environments should be saved.

3. Navigate to the "\Environments" directory via command line.

4. Create the AAC virtual environment by running
>py -m venv AAC

5. Step 4 only create the environment. To activate the environment so that all calls
to python programs reference the libraries installed within the environment, run
>.\AAC\Scripts\activate

6. After step 5, the AAC virtual environment should be active. To check that this is
the case, verify the prescence of "(AAC)" to the left of your command line.

7. Navigate via command line to the "\Automated-Anechoic-Chamber" directory.

8. The "\Automated-Anechoic-Chamber" directory should contain a file named 
"requirements.txt". This file contains information about the libraries that need to
be installed for the measurement system to run. To install all libraries in the AAC
virtual environment, run
>pip install -r requirements.txt

9. Now the virtual environment should be set up! You should be able to run the user
interface by navigating to the "\Automated-Anechoic-Chamber\software" directory and
running
>python main.py -h

Note on virtual environments: Setting up the AAC virtual environment guarantees that 
the AAC measurement system will work regardless of updates to the libraries it calls
upon, so long as the AAC virtual environment is activated. To run a different project
in a different environment (or in the main python environment), the AAC virtual 
environment can be deactivated by simply running 
>deactivate
To reacivate the AAC virtual environment, navigate to the "\Environments" directory
and run 
>.\AAC\Scripts\activate